For a long time people have been looking to simplify their lives. This led to the making of many creations we do not even mind nowadays. Although the electricity is considered as the biggest of all I truly believe the most unique and impressive is the computer. It is the most intelligent device and as Steve Jobs once said "What a computer is to me is the most remarkable tool that we have ever come up with. It's the equivalent of a bicycle for our minds.". Nothing else can be a "bicycle for our minds" except the computer and all computer based technologies. Nowadays the computers get even smarter than all of us.

The first time I touched a computer was when I was five years old. My cousin taught me the basic skills to work on a machine like that. I remember I was astonished. Of course, I did not know what I could really do and all I did was playing video games and watching animation movies. Since then, I realised that you could do everything you can possibly imagine on the right software.

As a student in the school council I enjoyed extracurricular activity as a person responsible for the Media Centre. We worked in teams and everyone had his own thing to do. Mine was supporting the school networks and television. There I gained a lot of experience and the skills I developed like leadership, problem solving and teamwork helped me being a successful and ambitious student.

My interest in hardware and software became even greater when I started understanding how every part of the computer works with each other and how the social communication programs are designed. I still remember writing my first HTML site on my first PC long ago. The excitement of creating your own website was unlikely everything else and then I began creating simple and complex programs. My love to Mathematics surrounding me over the years assisted in many of the tasks I have done.

I have had many part-time jobs and one of them was a photographer for a local photo studio which enabled me seeing the world in a different view. Working as a photographer gave me the ability to manage, develop, pursue and balance my ideas as in the photography as in the computer developing software. Making the computer works for you is one of the things I define fascinating.

On my free time I enjoy hobbies like playing the guitar, doing karate, drawing, painting and jogging. It helps me being focused and productive in every aspect of my journey. Moreover it brings me healthy, well-organised and disciplined lifestyle.

I decided to apply in your company because I know that I will be well prepared for the competitive computing industry and I will learn the art and technique of being a successful programmer. I think working as a developer in one of the most prestigious companies in Bulgaria will give me the opportunity to expand my points of view across various platforms.
The modern facilities and equipment you have will give me the extraordinary chance to get the most out of every opportunity. Thank you.
